protocols in objective C
-------------------------
1)Protocols are used to declare methods which are supposed to be used for a specific situation. 
When the method is defined, it may have different definitions with respect to each class.

2)A class conforms to a protocol only when the class has implemented all the required methods of the protocol. 
Thus, it ensures that a certain form of method template is implemented.


3)A protocol is a group of related properties and methods that can be implemented by any class just by adapting the protocol.

4)A protocol is used to declare methods and properties that are not specific to a class. It can be used by any class.

5)A class can conform to many protocols simultaneously. 

6)Protocols are used to indicate non-hierarchical similiarities between the classes.

7)Protocols do not have any variables associated with them and hence a class conforming to it will not have access to any additional variables.



SubClasses in C
-----------------
1)Subclassing is used when a class needs to inherit certain properties and behaviour from its another class, often termed as parent class. 
 
2)The child class also has a provision to either define its own additional behavior or override the behavior it inherited from the parent class.

3)A class is a group of properties and methods that is suitable to be used by itself and it's child classes only.

4)In contrast, classes are used to declare methods and properties associated with only that class.

5)A class can inherit only from 1 class directly, however a class can be a parent to many child classes.

6)Subclassing is used to indicate a hierarchical relationship between the parent and the child classes.

7)A child class inheriting from a parent class has an "is-a" relationship. 

8)They are strictly meant to be used only in the classes that have related members and methods.

9)A child class associates the variables with them which were used in a parent class thereby allowing access to the parent's variables as well.